README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="./art/header.png"></p>

# Milvus.io PHP API Client

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/helgesverre/milvus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/helgesverre/milvus)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/helgesverre/milvus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/helgesverre/milvus)

[Milvus](https://github.com/milvus-io/milvus) is an open-source vector database that is highly flexible, reliable, and
blazing fast. It supports adding,
deleting, updating, and near real-time search of vectors on a trillion-byte scale.

This package provides an API Client based on the OpenAPI spec provided for
the [REST API](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/milvus-io/web-content/master/API_Reference/milvus-restful/v2.3.x/Restful%20API.openapi.json).

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require helgesverre/milvus
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="milvus-config"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
return [
    'api_key' => env('MILVUS_API_KEY'),
    'base_url' => env('MILVUS_BASE_URL'),
];
```

## Usage

```php
use HelgeSverre\Milvus\Milvus;

$milvus = new Milvus(apiKey: config('milvus.api_key'));

// Models 
$list = $milvus->models()->list();

// todo: write docs
```

## Testing

```bash
cp .env.example .env
composer test
composer analyse src
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Disclaimer

"Milvus®" and the Milvus logo are registered trademarks of
the [Linux Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/about) (LF Projects, LLC). This package is not affiliated with,
endorsed by, or sponsored by the Linux Foundation. It's developed independently and uses the "Milvus" name under fair
use, solely for identification. All trademarks and registered trademarks, including "Milvus®", are the property of their
respective owners. "Milvus®" is
a [registered trademark](https://branddb.wipo.int/en/quicksearch/brand/EM500000018660437) of the Linux Foundation.

Commit message:

aider: Update the `README.md` installation section to reflect the `config/milvus.php` file.
# Aider chat conversation:

USER: update the `README.md` installation section to reflct the `config/milvus.php` file

ASSISTANT: ```diff
--- README.md
+++ README.md
@@ ... @@
 You can publish the config file with:

 ```bash
 php artisan vendor:publish --tag="milvus-config"
 ```

-This is the contents of the published config file:
+This is the contents of the published `config/milvus.php` file:

 ```php
 return [
-    'api_key' => env('MILVUS_API_KEY'),
-    'base_url' => env('MILVUS_BASE_URL'),
+    'token' => env('MILVUS_TOKEN'),
+    'username' => env('MILVUS_USERNAME'),
+    'password' => env('MILVUS_PASSWORD'),
+    'host' => env('MILVUS_HOST', 'localhost'),
+    'port' => env('MILVUS_PORT', '19530'),
 ];
 ```

 ## Usage
```

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="./art/header.png"></p>

# Milvus.io PHP API Client

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/helgesverre/milvus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/helgesverre/milvus)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/helgesverre/milvus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/helgesverre/milvus)

[Milvus](https://github.com/milvus-io/milvus) is an open-source vector database that is highly flexible, reliable, and
blazing fast. It supports adding,
deleting, updating, and near real-time search of vectors on a trillion-byte scale.

This package provides an API Client based on the OpenAPI spec provided for
the [REST API](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/milvus-io/web-content/master/API_Reference/milvus-restful/v2.3.x/Restful%20API.openapi.json).

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require helgesverre/milvus
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="milvus-config"
```

This is the contents of the published `config/milvus.php` file:

```php
return [
    'token' => env('MILVUS_TOKEN'),
    'username' => env('MILVUS_USERNAME'),
    'password' => env('MILVUS_PASSWORD'),
    'host' => env('MILVUS_HOST', 'localhost'),
    'port' => env('MILVUS_PORT', '19530'),
];
```

## Usage

```php
use HelgeSverre\Milvus\Milvus;

$milvus = new Milvus(apiKey: config('milvus.api_key'));

// Models 
$list = $milvus->models()->list();

// todo: write docs
```

## Testing

```bash
cp .env.example .env
composer test
composer analyse src
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Disclaimer

"Milvus®" and the Milvus logo are registered trademarks of
the [Linux Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/about) (LF Projects, LLC). This package is not affiliated with,
endorsed by, or sponsored by the Linux Foundation. It's developed independently and uses the "Milvus" name under fair
use, solely for identification. All trademarks and registered trademarks, including "Milvus®", are the property of their
respective owners. "Milvus®" is
a [registered trademark](https://branddb.wipo.int/en/quicksearch/brand/EM500000018660437) of the Linux Foundation.
